Describe the update and delete feature for the Scheduling Design Changes (#1396)
magento/merchdocs: src/design/schedule.md

1. For the **Date From** and **Date To**, click the _Calendar_ (![]({% link images/images/btn-calendar.png %})) icon to choose the start and end values for the period when the change is in effect.

1. When complete, click <span class="btn">Save</span>.

## Edit scheduled design change

1. On the _Admin_ sidebar, go to **Content** > _Design_ > **Schedule**.

1. Select the item you want to edit.

> 1. Make a changes that nesesary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Make the necessary changes.
```

1. When complete, click <span class="btn">Save</span>.

## Delete scheduled design change

1. On the _Admin_ sidebar, go to **Content** > _Design_ > **Schedule**.

1. Select the item you want to delete.

> 1. Click <span class="btn">Delete</span> on the top panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the button bar at the top of the page, click <span class="btn">Delete</span>.
```
